java c
CSE   101
Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithms
Programming   Assignment   8In this project you will re-create the Dictionary   ADT   from   pa7,   but now   based   on   a   Red-Black   Tree.      Red   black   trees   are   covered   in   Chapter   13   of the text,   and   will   be   discussed   at   length   in   lecture.      All relevant   algorithms   for   RBTs   (and   BSTs)   are   posted   on   the   webpage   under   Examples/Pseudo-code.      Aside   from   having   a   RBT   as   its   underlying   data   structure,   your   Dictionary   ADT   will   have   only   slight   changes   to   its   interface.      The recommended   approach   for this project   is to just   copy   Dictionary.cpp   from pa7   and   make the necessary changes, but you can start from scratch if   you feel it is necessary.   The   header file Dictionary.h   is posted in Examples/pa8.    It's most   significant difference from the header file   for pa7 is   a new   field   in   the Node   class of   type   int   called   color.    Other than that, the only difference is   a new   section   for RBT helper functions. Although   these   functions   are   listed   as   optional,   and   you   may   make   changes   as   you   like,   you   should consider them as absolutely necessary for this project.    Feel free to add other helper functions if   you   find it useful.You   will   create   two   top-level   clients   in   this   assignment.      The   first   will   be   called   Order.c,   with   the   same   specifications as in pa7.    No changes   should be   necessary   from   that   project.      Again,   several   pairs   of   input-   output   files   are given   in Example/pa8,   along with a   random   input   file   generator.      Note   that   the   input   files   are identical to those of   pa7, but the   paired outputs are different.   In   particular, the output file sections giving   all keys in a pre-order traversal are different, since the trees   are now balanced by the RBT   algorithms.      The   output is also different in that function preOrderString()   indicates which keys are stored in red   Nodes.The   second top-level   client will be called WordFrequency.cpp.    It   will   read   in   each   line   of   a   file,   parse   the   individual   words   on   each   line,   convert   each   word to   all   lower   case   characters,   then place   it   (as   key)   in   a   Dictionary.   Individual words in the input file maybe repeated however.   The number of   times a given   word   is   encountered   (its   frequency) will   also be   stored   (as   value)   in the   Dictionary.      Thus,   as your program   is   reading in words, it should first check to see   if   the word   (key)   is already present, using   contains().      If   it   is a new word, add it using   setValue().    If   it already exists, increment the corresponding value by calling   getValue().   Recall that the getValue()   function returns a reference to a value, which can then   be used   to   alter   that value.    Use the   example   FileIO.cpp   posted   in   /Examples/C++/FileIO   as   th代 写CSE 101 Introduction to Data Structures and Algorithms Programming Assignment 8C/C++
代做程序编程语言e   starting   point   for   WordFrequency.cpp,   since   much   of what   you   need   is   already   there.      The   program   FileIO.cpp   contains   a   string variable called delim, which is initialized to be   a   single   space.
string delim   =   "   ";This   is   the   delimiter   used   by   the   string   functions   find_first_of()   and   find_first_not_of()   to   determine which characters belong to tokens, and which do not.    Thus FileIO.cpp tokenizes the file   around   spaces.      Your   program   WordFrequency.cpp   will   instead   tokenize   around   a   larger   set   of characters.      The   words   in   our   file will   be   substrings   that   contain   only   alphabetic   characters.      To   accomplish   this,   you   can   reset   delim   as follows.
string delim = "   \t\\\"\   ',<.>/?;:[{]}   |`~!@#$%^*()-_=+0123456789";
So,   to parse   the   input   file, remove   all whitespace, punctuation   and   special   characters.       What's   left   are   the   words to be placed in the Dictionary, along with their frequencies.Once all the   words from an input file are   placed in the Dictionary, along with their frequences, your   program   WordFrequency.cpp will print the Dictionary to the output file.    You will find two very large text   files   here   called      Shakespeare.txt    (containing    the      complete      works      of    William       Shakespeare)    and      Gutenberg.txt(containing    several    English    language    texts      provided    by    Project    Gutenberg).          You    will    also    find    the   corresponding output files called   Shakespeare-out.txt and Gutenberg-out.txt.      Test   WordFrequency.cpp   on   these   files.Also, as before, a test client called DictionaryClient.cpp is posted in Examples/pa8.   This program is similar   to the pa7 version, but it has different output, which you can find in DictionaryClient-out.    You   should   still   consider it a weak test of   the Dictionary ADT, and   as   always,   design   your   own   tests.
Altogether   this   should   be   a   straightforward   assignment,   especially   if pa7   went   well   for   you.      Submit   the   following 7 files in the usual manner before the end of   the grace period.
README.md                                     Written by you, a catalog of   submitted files   and   any   notes   to   the   grader
Makefile                                                                Provided, alter as you see   fit
Dictionary.h                                              Provided, you may alter the "helper   functions"   sections, but nothing   else
Dictionary.cpp                                    Written   by   you, the   majority   of   work   for   this   project
DictionaryTest.cpp               Written   by   you, your   test   client   of   the   Dictionary   ADT
Order.cpp                                                          Written by you, a client for this project, unchanged   from pa7   
WordFrequency.cpp       Written by you, a client   for this project
   

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
